docs: add output.publicPath: 'auto' (#4534)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/public-path.md

import './public-path';
import './app';
```

> T> You can also set `publicPath: 'auto'`. It automatically determines the publicPath from `import.meta.url`, `document.currentScript`, `<script/>` or `self.location`. It only works with `web` and `web-worker` targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T> When using `web` or `web-worker` target, `publicPath` defaults to `'auto'` which will automatically determines the public path from either `import.meta.url`, `document.currentScript`, `<script />` or `self.location`.
```

> T> When using `web` or `web-worker` target, `publicPath` defaults to `'auto'` which will automatically determines the public path from either `import.meta.url`, `document.currentScript`, `<script />` or `self.location`.

Author: ```suggestion
T> When using `web` or `web-worker` target, `publicPath` defaults to `'auto'` which will automatically determine the public path from either `import.meta.url`, `document.currentScript`, `<script />` or `self.location`.
```
